Oh
ah
Lego Harry Potter walkthrough for
Spacedock Gamescom and this is the magic
begins level the very first one of like
a Harry Potter years one through four
I've already made this I've already made
a guide for this on wiki game guides but
I decided to remake it and put it on my
channel just in time for like a Harry
Potter Years five through seven which I
will be putting on wiki game guides and
eventually in my channel so right now
it's just basically using Packard's
magic gold umbrella and of course being
Harry to go through the levels and this
is played by me and my brother general
scar I will always be the person on the
left up right here you need to hit these
three ingredients a obstacle a flower
and a spider which are all within
walking everything like six steps of
each other and of course there's a
purple and blue stud up there which give
you a bunch of studs which is obviously
helpful then you're gonna need hacker to
pull out these chains which only other
strong characters can do and hacker it
is of course one of them and then for
this part you can mess around if you
want but we're just gonna get it done
with and talk to the gnome or the Goblin
Oh
at home
so now you get to play as the Goblin and
you're going to need to use his key to
open up this gate and a couple of other
things in this level just press and hold
B or whatever button it is whether
depending on which console you're
playing on and open it up in the news
hacker to pull this chain once again go
inside the gates and then use the key to
the left and this will have a painting
come out which you will need to is when
Guardian Leviosa on or whatever spell
that is I don't know if hackers but
that's what it is for everybody else
it's only way once you make the painting
have either the Goblin or you could put
other people but it works with the
Goblin in front of the painting and that
will open up a hidden door just because
you know doors work like that
good her here there are two vaults that
you can open up the one on the right is
obviously the easiest one in the life
life they'll have to pull the chain so
the dragon will be taken away and there
is no point to opening the one on the
right right now other than to get some
studs you only really need to open or
you have to open the one on the left you
could skip the one on the right if you
wanted to but I don't know it's up to
you
Oh